1) Dissemination Barrier
	In dissemination barrier, each processor signals the processor (i+2^k)mod P in round k.
I only need k = ceil(logP) number of rounds to synchronize all processes. Each processor has
localflags, a pointer to the structure which holds its own flag as well as a pointer to the partner
processor’s flag. Each processor spins on its local myflags. When a processor reaches the
barrier, it informs its partner processor by setting its flag through the pointer partnerflags.

2) Tournament Barrier
 The tournament barrier is a binary tree-style barrier where all the processor are initial assigned as leaf node.
 A pair of consecutive processor will "play" each other in a tournament with one emerging victorious and proceeding to the
next round of a tournament, while the loser will spin on it flags. An important point to note here is that the winners at each round are
pre-determined. This process repeat for every round until you reach the final level where only one processor is declared the champion.
Now, the wake up process begin where the winners at each stage need to wake up their respective opponents.
This essentially involves the winner flipping the flag value of its opponents so as to prevent it from spinning infinitely on that value.
 
In the Open MPI, there is no concept of ‘shared data’.
Data is passed around by Message Passing. Blocking Send/ Receive signals are used to achieve the barrier. 
The losers spin / wait on a “send” from the winners in the wake up phase. 
While the winners wait and receive until the losers come about telling them about their arrival. In the
wake up phase the winners just send to the corresponding opponent losers in that round to
break out of the spinning / waiting phase.


* MPI Barrier were tested over 2 to 12 quad-core notes in the Unubutu 14.04 desktop.
The number of processes was scaled from 2 to 12. 
The performance Dissemination barrier seems to be better than Tournament barrier.
A point (N,T) on the graph signifies the average time T taken by the number of thread N to cross 1000 barrier and complete execution.
