In parallel programming, a barrier is a type of synchronization method. For a group of threads or processors,
a barrier signifies a point at which all the threads or processors must arrive at and wait for the rest, before it
can cross it and continue execution.
There are several barrier algorithm that can be implemented when programming in parallel.

Giving below are some of the barriers that I implemented as part of this assignment:
1) Sense-reversing centralized barrier
In the sense-reversing centralized barrier, every thread spin on a global "sense" flag.
the global "count" variable holds the number of threads. The global sense flag is initially 
set to 0 to indicate that the barrier hasn't been reached. when a thread reaches the barrier. 
The last thread to reach the barrier decrements count and realized that the count is 0. 
It also set the global "sense" flag which indicate to other threads spinning that all threads have 
reached the barrier. All threads stop spinning and continue execution.

Benefits: 
- reduce number of references to shared variables
- Eliminate once of the spinning episodes.

2) MCS Barrier 
MCS tree barrier is also a tree barrier. It's a modified tree barrier.
Each processor begins at a leaf node, decrements it leaf count variable.
Last descendant to reach each node in the tree continues upward. 
The processor that reaches the root begin wakeup.

Benefits: 
- Can significantly decrease memory contention.
- Can prevent tree saturation in multi-stage interconnect.


* OpenMP (Open Multi-Processing) is an API that supports multi-platform shared memory multiprocessing programming in C, C++, and Fortran.
OpenMP uses a portable, scalable model that gives programmers a simple and flexible interface for developing parallel 
applications for platforms ranging from the standard desktop computer to the supercomputer.

* OpenMP Barrier were tested on a quad-core Linux Ubuntu 14.04. 
I scaled the number of thread from 2– 8 while keeping the number of barriers 1000 and averaging the
time for each barrier. 
The performance Sense-reversing centralized barrier seems to be better than MCS barrier.
A point (N,T) on the graph signifies the average time T taken by the number of thread N to cross 1000 barrier and complete execution.

